[AI Audit] Minor docs enhancements (#23968)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/ai-audit/index.mdx

head:
  - tag: title
    content: Overview
description: Monitor and control how AI services access your website content.

---

import { Description, Feature, FeatureTable, Plan, LinkButton, RelatedProduct, Card } from "~/components";

<Plan type="all" />

<Description>

Monitor and control how AI services access your website content.

</Description>

AI companies are increasingly using web content to train their models and power AI applications. AI Audit gives you visibility into which AI services are accessing your content, and provides tools to manage access according to your preferences.

With AI Audit, you can:

- **See which AI services access your content** - Monitor the dashboard to see crawler activity and request patterns

> - **Control access with granular policies** - Allow, block, or set custom rules for different AI services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Control access with granular policies** - Set allow or block rules for individual crawlers
```

Custom rules beyond block/allow isn't really available here.

- **Monitor robots.txt compliance** - Track which crawlers follow your directives and create enforcement rules

> - **Explore monetization options** - Set up pay per crawl pricing for content access (private beta)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Explore monetization options** - Set up pay per crawl pricing for content access [(private beta)](/ai-audit/features/pay-per-crawl/what-is-pay-per-crawl/)
```
